Update recruiting.md (#407)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: contributors/join-us/recruiting.md

# Recruiting

Our Mission  

> **Mattermost is to make the world safer & more productive by developing and delivering secure, open source collaboration software that is trusted, flexible and offers fast time-to-value.**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mattermost's mission is to make the world safer and more productive by developing and delivering secure, open source collaboration software that is trusted, flexible, and offers fast time-to-value.**
```
